My website structure consists of seven section which include nav bar, hero, services, portfolio, contact form, and footer. The combination of these sections using boostrap components contribute to an overall functionality and appealing asthetic of the website.
First the nav bar is created using a boostrap navbar component which features multpiple links leading to different sections of the website. This allows user to quickly access important contect thus enhancing their experience. Next comes the hero section which includes an
introdcution to the page. This was created using bootstrap containers to align my text. After that comes the services section which uses grid systems to display the services offered by the company in a clear and concise format. The portfolio section uses bootstrap cards to
present the portfolio and brief descriptions of top employees working for the company with the use of images. Next is the contact form which includes a compact form which takes multiple bootstrap form components to allow for a complete form with name, email, messages, and 
a submission button. Lastly the footer is a basic bootstrap footer that includes copyright information on the company. The websites color scheme features mostly like themes with some dark notes to contrast the white. I use bootstrap framework in the form of grid systems, navbars, 
containers, cards, and media queries to make a cohesive user expierience that is interactive and unified across the entire page. A challenge faced while creating the page was integrating custom css for unique designs. It was difficult to balance bootstraps default styles with 
personalized customizations because overriding current bootstrap designs and integrating a not disruptive but cohesive style was a challenge.
